com/example/meditationapp/MusicPlayerFragment.java
 com.example.meditationapp.MusicPlayerFragment
 com.example.meditationapp.MusicPlayerFragment$1
 com.example.meditationapp.MusicPlayerFragment$2
 com.example.meditationapp.MusicPlayerFragment$2$1
 com.example.meditationapp.MusicPlayerFragment$2$1$1
 com.example.meditationapp.MusicPlayerFragment$2$1$2
 com.example.meditationapp.MusicPlayerFragment$3
 com.example.meditationapp.MusicPlayerFragment$3$1
com/example/meditationapp/databinding/FragmentQuotesBinding.java
 com.example.meditationapp.databinding.FragmentQuotesBinding
com/example/meditationapp/FrequencyFragment.java
 com.example.meditationapp.FrequencyFragment
 com.example.meditationapp.FrequencyFragment$1
 com.example.meditationapp.FrequencyFragment$2
com/example/meditationapp/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.example.meditationapp.DatabaseHelper
com/example/meditationapp/databinding/FragmentMusicPlayerBinding.java
 com.example.meditationapp.databinding.FragmentMusicPlayerBinding
com/example/meditationapp/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 com.example.meditationapp.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
com/example/meditationapp/databinding/ListviewLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.meditationapp.databinding.ListviewLayoutBinding
com/example/meditationapp/databinding/FragmentFrequencyBinding.java
 com.example.meditationapp.databinding.FragmentFrequencyBinding
com/example/meditationapp/databinding/ActivitySignupBinding.java
 com.example.meditationapp.databinding.ActivitySignupBinding
com/example/meditationapp/listAdapter.java
 com.example.meditationapp.listAdapter
com/example/meditationapp/MusicPlayerFromFrequencyFragment.java
 com.example.meditationapp.MusicPlayerFromFrequencyFragment
 com.example.meditationapp.MusicPlayerFromFrequencyFragment$1
 com.example.meditationapp.MusicPlayerFromFrequencyFragment$2
 com.example.meditationapp.MusicPlayerFromFrequencyFragment$2$1
 com.example.meditationapp.MusicPlayerFromFrequencyFragment$3
 com.example.meditationapp.MusicPlayerFromFrequencyFragment$3$1
com/example/meditationapp/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.meditationapp.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/meditationapp/AchievementActivity.java
 com.example.meditationapp.AchievementActivity
com/example/meditationapp/databinding/ActivityAchievementBinding.java
 com.example.meditationapp.databinding.ActivityAchievementBinding
com/example/meditationapp/databinding/ActivityMusicPlayerBinding.java
 com.example.meditationapp.databinding.ActivityMusicPlayerBinding
com/example/meditationapp/SignupActivity.java
 com.example.meditationapp.SignupActivity
 com.example.meditationapp.SignupActivity$1
 com.example.meditationapp.SignupActivity$2
com/example/meditationapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.meditationapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/meditationapp/listview.java
 com.example.meditationapp.listview
com/example/meditationapp/QuotesFragment.java
 com.example.meditationapp.QuotesFragment
 com.example.meditationapp.QuotesFragment$1
 com.example.meditationapp.QuotesFragment$2
 com.example.meditationapp.QuotesFragment$2$1
 com.example.meditationapp.QuotesFragment$3
 com.example.meditationapp.QuotesFragment$4
 com.example.meditationapp.QuotesFragment$5
 com.example.meditationapp.QuotesFragment$6
com/example/meditationapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.meditationapp.BuildConfig
com/example/meditationapp/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.meditationapp.HomeFragment
 com.example.meditationapp.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.meditationapp.HomeFragment$2
 com.example.meditationapp.HomeFragment$3
 com.example.meditationapp.HomeFragment$4
com/example/meditationapp/databinding/FragmentMusicPlayerFromFrequencyBinding.java
 com.example.meditationapp.databinding.FragmentMusicPlayerFromFrequencyBinding
com/example/meditationapp/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.meditationapp.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/meditationapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.meditationapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/meditationapp/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.meditationapp.ProfileFragment
 com.example.meditationapp.ProfileFragment$1
 com.example.meditationapp.ProfileFragment$2
 com.example.meditationapp.ProfileFragment$3
 com.example.meditationapp.ProfileFragment$4
 com.example.meditationapp.ProfileFragment$5
com/example/meditationapp/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.meditationapp.LoginActivity
 com.example.meditationapp.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.meditationapp.LoginActivity$2
com/example/meditationapp/SplashScreenActivity.java
 com.example.meditationapp.SplashScreenActivity
 com.example.meditationapp.SplashScreenActivity$1
com/example/meditationapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.meditationapp.MainActivity
 com.example.meditationapp.MainActivity$1
